MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 JuaAI Smart Farmer App

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Additional Notes:

This software is designed to assist farmers with agricultural decision-making
through AI-powered crop disease detection and weather forecasting. While we
strive for accuracy, this tool should supplement, not replace, professional
agricultural advice and expertise.

The disease detection feature uses simulated AI analysis for demonstration
purposes. In a production environment, this would be replaced with actual
machine learning models trained on agricultural datasets.

Weather data is provided through mock APIs for demonstration. In production,
this would integrate with real weather services and APIs.

Users are encouraged to verify recommendations with local agricultural
extension services and farming experts before making significant agricultural
decisions based on this application.

This project welcomes contributions from developers, agricultural experts,
and farming communities to improve its accuracy and usefulness for farmers
in East Africa and beyond.